Update and extend documentation (#712)
pymeasure/pymeasure: docs/quick_start.rst

 
Depending on your operating system, using this method may require additional work to install the required dependencies, which include the Qt libaries.

> Installing VISA

Reviewer: Small typo at line 43 libaries

Author: Thanks!

-----------------
Typically, communication with your instrument will happen using PyVISA, which is installed automatically.
However, you will need a `VISA backend <https://pyvisa.readthedocs.io/en/latest/introduction/configuring.html>`__ installed to handle device communication.

> You may already know what this means and have an appropriate backend (e.g. from NI, Keysight, R&S,...) available.

Reviewer: I find this part a little confusing, you don't know which backend to install (pyvisa-py or NI, etc). What about simply redirecting users to pyvisa documentation and remove lines 49-50 ?

Reviewer 2: As a user, I'd prefer to not look up another documentation, but we don't want to repeat their documentation.
Therefore, I propose to keep it simple saying:
```suggestion
For example you can use the python package :code:`pyvisa-py`.
```

Author: I think we should give enough context, and for that we should not ignore the proprietary backends. 

I'll try to improve this. I thought it clear, simple and complete enough already. Experienced users will know the deal when they hear VISA backend, and others get simple instructions without having to read elsewhere (but the link is there if desired).

Reviewer 2: It's good to hint at other backends and proposing (as an example) pyvisa-pay.

It's good with me

Author: @msmttchr good for you, too, now?

Reviewer: Yes, absolutely.

If not, you can get off the ground easily by installing the pure-Python :code:`pyvisa-py` backend package (using the same installation you used above).

Checking the version
--------------------

> Now that you have Python and PyMeasure installed, open up a REPL or Jupyter notebook to test which version you have installed.
> Execute the following Python code.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we keep it more general?
```suggestion
Now that you have Python and PyMeasure installed, open your python environment (a REPL or Jupyter notebook) to test which version you have installed.
Execute the following Python code.
```
